doc: release-notes: Add 3.5.0 release notes for random and entropy (#63715)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/releases/release-notes-3.5.rst

* Entropy

>   * Add a requirement to method entropy_get_entropy() be thread safe because

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Added a requirement for ``entropy_get_entropy()`` to be thread-safe because
```

    operation for SDMMC devices in case when we align buffers on CONFIG_SDHC_BUFFER_ALIGNMENT,
    because we can avoid extra copy of data from card bffer to read/prog buffer.

* Random

>   * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_XOROSHIRO_RANDOM_GENERATOR`, deprecated long time ago, is finally removed.

Reviewer: If it's removed then:

```suggestion
  * ``CONFIG_XOROSHIRO_RANDOM_GENERATOR``, deprecated a long time ago, is finally removed.
```
